ci(github): add periodic sbom and license check (#8843)
kumahq/kuma: README.md

Kuma also provides an easy to use `kumactl` CLI client for every environment, and an official GUI that can be accessed by the browser.

## Roadmap

> Kuma releases a minor version on a 10weeks release cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kuma releases a minor version on a 10 week release cycle.
```
